app/test/flutter_test_config.dart:51:  // TODO(tech-debt/T1.1-FIREBASE-MOCKS): Replace ad-hoc stubs with proper
app/test/core/health_data/health_data_repository_test.dart:3:// TODO(HD7): Add comprehensive unit tests for HealthDataRepository using mocked SupabaseClient.
app/test/integration/action_step_latency_test.dart:6:// TODO(M1.5.2): Re-implement ActionStep latency test using proper Supabase
app/lib/core/notifications/infrastructure/notification_deep_link_service.dart:369:    // TODO: Implement actual lesson navigation routing
app/lib/core/services/vitals/bootstrap/daily_bootstrap_runner.dart:3:  // TODO: Implement daily bootstrap logic.
app/lib/core/services/analytics_service.dart:30:      // TODO(T2-telemetry): Update Supabase RPC/table to accept analytics events.
app/lib/core/services/notification_deep_link_service.dart:387:    // TODO: Implement actual lesson navigation
app/lib/core/services/notification_deep_link_service.dart:403:      // TODO: Implement actual analytics tracking
app/lib/core/services/notification_service.dart:168:      // TODO: Integrate with backend notification service when ready
app/lib/features/today_feed/data/services/today_feed_simple_service.dart:68:    // TODO: Implement API hit if needed.
app/lib/features/today_feed/presentation/widgets/components/today_feed_interactions.dart:428:            // TODO: Navigate to bookmarks view
app/lib/features/today_feed/presentation/widgets/states/error_state_widget.dart:481:    // TODO: Open network settings - implementation depends on platform
app/lib/features/auth/ui/password_reset_page.dart:27:    // TODO: Integrate real password update call in later task.
app/lib/features/momentum/presentation/screens/momentum_screen.dart:217:                // TODO: Navigate to lessons (T1.1.3.6)
app/lib/features/momentum/presentation/screens/momentum_screen.dart:224:                // TODO: Navigate to streak details (T1.1.3.6)
app/lib/features/momentum/presentation/screens/momentum_screen.dart:231:                // TODO: Navigate to today's activity (T1.1.3.6)
app/lib/features/momentum/presentation/widgets/components/error_actions.dart:76:    // TODO: Navigate to sign in
app/lib/features/ai_coach/ui/coach_chat_screen.dart:276:      const momentumState = 'Steady'; // TODO: Get from momentum provider
app/lib/features/action_steps/state/daily_checkin_controller.dart:14:    // TODO(M1.5.4-T2): Replace with repository lookup / local cache.
app/lib/features/action_steps/state/daily_checkin_controller.dart:24:    // TODO(M1.5.4-T2): Persist completion log to Supabase.
app/lib/features/action_steps/state/daily_checkin_controller.dart:35:    // TODO(M1.5.4-T2): Persist skip log to Supabase.
app/lib/features/action_steps/services/action_step_analytics.dart:39:              ?.id, // TODO: replace with real Amplitude device ID
app/lib/features/action_steps/services/action_step_analytics.dart:69:      'device_id': userId, // TODO: replace with real device ID
